<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_TypesOfSushi"><title>Types of Sushi</title>
<shortdesc>There are six types of sushi.</shortdesc><prolog>
  <author type="contributor">joe.zucker</author>
  <critdates>
   <!--joe.zucker-->
   <revised modified="2020-12-02"/>
  </critdates><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>sushi<indexterm>types</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Sushi descriptions</title>
      <p>
        <table id="TypesOfSushi-AE018F70">
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col2"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry valign="top">Japanese Name </entry>
                <entry valign="top">Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>Nigiri-zushi</entry>
                <entry>The most typical form of sushi in restaurants. It consists of an oblong mound
                  of sushi rice that is pressed between the palms of the hands, with a speck of
                  wasabi and a slice of topping called neta draped over it. This is possibly bound
                  with a thin band of nori, and is often served in pairs.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Maki-zushi (roll)</entry>
                <entry>A cylindrical piece, formed with the help of a bamboo mat, called a makisu.
                  Makizushi is generally wrapped in nori, but can occasionally be found wrapped in a
                  thin omelette, sesame seeds, cucumber, or parsley. Makizushi is usually cut into
                  six or eight pieces, which constitutes a single roll order.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Oshizushi</entry>
                <entry>A block-shaped piece formed using a wooden mold, called an oshibako. The chef
                  lines the bottom of the oshibako with the toppings, covers them with sushi rice,
                  and then presses the lid of the mold down to create a compact, rectilinear block.
                  The block is removed from the mold and then cut into bite-sized pieces. This
                  variety originates from the Kansai Region and is a favourite and specialty of
                  Osaka.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Chirashizushi</entry>
                <entry>A bowl of sushi rice with other ingredients mixed in (also refers to
                  barazushi). It is commonly eaten in Japan because it is filling, fast and easy to
                  make. Chirashizushi most often varies regionally because it is eaten annually as a
                  part of the Doll Festival, celebrated only during March in Japan.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Narezushi</entry>
                <entry>An older form of sushi. Skinned and gutted fish are stuffed with salt, placed
                  in a wooden barrel, doused with salt again, and then weighed down with a heavy
                  tsukemonoishi (pickling stone). They are supposedly salted for ten days to a
                  month, then placed in water for 15 minutes to an hour. They are then placed in
                  another barrel, sandwiched, and layered with cooled steamed rice and fish. Then
                  the mixture is again partially sealed with otoshibuta and a pickling stone. As
                  days pass, water seeps out, which must be removed. Six months later, this
                  funazushi can be eaten, and remains edible for another six months or more.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Temarizushi</entry>
                <entry>Ball-shaped sushi made by pressing rice and fish into a ball-shaped form by
                  hand using a plastic wrap. They are quite easy to make and thus a good starting
                  point for beginners.</entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </p>
    </section></refbody></reference>
